Joris he said that it required six
stitches
we got around eight points in the first
quarter a small three in the third
ending with 11 up to the first half and
then it came back strong pretty well
with an efficient of 12 in the third
quarter was sided I've been recently in
the fourth quarter
twenty-eight point stop this read from
the rainbow fairy story the last two
minutes
brought to you by press tone brake fluid
presto the number one brake fluid in the
country business
McCarter Brown a rainbow hip
our knives and ricard around trading
gold
Victorino Carpio they were all over Rica
vilasa who was under the basket and a
foul going against carpet and bees
fourth personal watch the action once
more in slo-mo Brooke Davis and Eagle
dear yes a lot of body contact there's
Veloso is going to have to take two
crucial foul shots
a minute and 23 seconds left
we are banal being returned to the court
by coach maybe de Lupin and karpio is
pulled out half yourself points and two
rebounds for personal pounce on him and
Tokyo was pulled out mainly because he
Eve up that offensive rebound Ricky will
open comes out humbled by Victorino good
somersault
being provided by Victorino here is
finale routed by heartless fearsome is
open
Korra increases the lead to eight points
we will be back with your money
fix and repair with pioneer epoxy
you never asked for that time are they
still have food there now we have a box
of our can mark this time he asked my
great face coffee
receive cough syrup samsara market and
empower I'm left the minute to go and
great days coffee there on spot by eight
points ninety eight ninety they're
sixteen pounds while the never us are in
penalty situation as early as two
minutes of 19 to go here is the big day
Dick's a 5/32 watching
the worst it looks like they have us in
business yeah I can visit you're never
gonna have to make a decision on this
time down court they should not sow
because great faith will go to the foul
line they should just try to play good
defense there's a three in the shot
clock seven seconds to go in this ball
game
this boss scramble inexpensive coming
out on top to get the loose ball point
to manansala
is open maybe the between the four
seconds to go
if I was gonna go against wicked will
awesome because of six personal fouls 11
points and big in the rebound she pulled
down 12 tonight 8 and 4 gets a hand from
the contraband and also by now amaryl
will fill up the vacancy four seconds
left in this ball game and at the moment
it is a seven-point lead being injured
by the coffeemakers
Victorino playing it very strong any
petty games tonight thanks a lot
Victorino has a big wolf across the side
of his face maybe he caught an elbow
there he's done a great job in the
rebounds category tonight even though he
missed his two foul shots here
so it's subject 3 for great base coffee
they win by seven points and before DOMA
black announces the battles choice for
our best player and the box scores we
31st flower studio battles choice of our
best player here's my partner Roman
block no thank you see boy we chose a
couple players here tonight first of all
Ricardo Brown 31 points 6 rebounds 11
assists another great game for Ricardo
he also came up with this plus 2 points
and we also chose from the great face
Club Manny Victorino he had 15 points
with 19 big rebounds and also 4 assists
and two blocked shots in the ball game
both of these players played quite well
here tonight and they were both being da
most valuable players big boys at 90
Victorino also has a flux he's got a
lump yeah taking a look at the box
scores quickly for great chasing when it
by Ricardo Brown with 31 points Harrison
had 18 Victorino 15 coffee Oh 12 team 9
Manansala 6 Powell or 5 come on 4 and go
over now did not score but he had 6
rebounds and 4 assists
sighs Foreman Deborah they were led by
Sir John you he had 22 points our nice
head 19 towards these 12 below say 11 12
rebounds our kids eight nine plotless
nine on the real head for us - hi -
Louie Niall and Perez also had his two
points and Herrera for one point here